Bear Attack;0,4,1,5;The bear lets loose a tremendous roar. As if in response, the fire emits a roar of its own, blossoming into life. The pot of vegetable soup, resting on top explodes, filling the air.@cWhat once was to be a tasty vegetable broth transforms into an agent of divine wrath. Hot soupy death raining down, Jerry and his wife take shelter within the tent.@cThe poor bear attempts to douse itself in the lake nearby, leaping into the water. The bear suddenly finds itself swept outwards into an enormous whirlpool. Thrashing in the swirling vortex, the bear is dragged to its doom.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;0,4,3,5;There was no reason to be afraid, a sonorous voice announced. It was so unexpectedly confident that it took Jerry a good few seconds to realise it was his wife that had spoken.@cAs she stood tall infront of the fire, a series of bellows and roars to which the bear responded. The fire flared behind her, its twisting flames seeming to expand her sillhouette, stretching it into some monsterous beast.@c(The rest of this segment has been translated from bear for your convenience)@cBear: Why do you stop me from devouring this weak creature?@cWife: This being is mine, I have claimed him and he is mine to consume at a time of my choosing. Now you must leave this place In place of this man I shall supply you with many fish.@cJerry's wife lead the bear to the edge of the lake. There, embodied by the spirit of water,opened a passage through the lake, filled with delicious fish.@cThe bear trepadiciously moved into the water chasm. Laughing, Jerry's wife collapsed the water, killing the bear instantly. Jerry stood in shock and more than a little bit of new found respect/fear for his wife.@c"One less beast" she uttered in a last spatter of bear-like grunts.@cJerry was safe, for now...
Bear Attack;0,4,2,5;With the bear bearing down on his campsite, inspiration hits! A boat!@cSwiftly dismantling his tent and a few pieces of loose wood, Jerry utilises his skills gained from watching hours of MacGyver reruns and within seconds a makeshift raft takes shape.@cAnd look there, that giant parsnip would work flawlessly as an oar!@cJerry dashes for the nearby lake with the surprisingly slow bear in hot pursuit, he pushes the raft out from the shore and jumps on.@cThe bear sits confused on the water's edge, as Jerry frantically rows to safety.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;1,4,3,5;Chaotic rage builds within the bear, snarling and roaring, it tears into the camp, destroying Jerry's tent and all of his belongings.@cJerry is paralysed with fear as his wife begins walking towards the hulking mass of furry rage. Witnessing the wild animal destroy all of her husband's belongings without him lifting a finger was a step too far.@cShe needed someone who'd stand up for themself. A real man. Or perhaps a real bear?@cOrdering the bear to take her away from her meek excuse for a husband, it obliges, scooping her up and carrying her off into the trees.@cBetrayed and alone, Jerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;1,4,2,5;Before Jerry's very eyes, the bear begins to retch, it's stomach bulging, shifting in colour. The entire body begins to warp.@cAfter a short moment, little sign of the bear remains. Stood in the middle of the campsite is an enormous furry aubergine! Sadly, the giant claws and snarling maw retained.@cLooming over Jerry, the aubergine-bear roars the cry only an aubergine-bear hybrid can. As all hope seems lost, Jerry shuts his eyes tight and hears a woosh of air. Then nothing.@cOpening his eyes, he sees that the creature is actually roaring in discomfort, impaled by a loose tent pole, now frozen solid in the ground. Jerry stands up, in awe of the dying beast's majesty. Such a waste.@cSuddenly, Jerry knew what to do. Every year, he'd cook his wife aubergine soup, and this year didn't have to be an exception. They ate well that night, rekindling their love and laughing over old stories they shared.@cIf you looked closely enough, you could even see the hint of a smile on the slowly roasting aubergine corpse.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;3,4,2,5;The bear charges through the camp. In the confusion, Jerry finds himself separated from his wife.@cRain begins to fall. Taking a chance, Jerry dashes for the tent, hurling himself inside. Turning back, the tent has somehow sealed, confing him inside.@cJerry's wife, watching Jerry dive into the tent and runs after him. Desperately scrabbling at the wet fabric, she finds herself unable to even find where the entrance once was.@cTurning to flee, she suddenly realises her legs have transformed into oversized carrots. Trapped and unable to escape, the bear is upon her in seconds.@cIt doesn't last long. Once the bear has its fill it makes its way out of the camp, leaving Jerry cowering in the tent.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;1,4,0,5;Jerry suddenly recalls knowledge from a past life. Long ago he lived as a mystic shaman and had perfected the art of the raindance.@cThrough a series of complex thrusts and stomping, he summons a single cloud which pours onto his fire, covering the area in thick smoke.@cBlinded and angry from the smoke, the bear clumsily charges. The angry beast doesn't notice a solitary turnip by its feet, trips and careens off the cliff Jerry and his wife were irresponsibly camping near.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;3,4,0,5;In an attempt to save Jerry, his wife finds herself imbued with an otherworldly power. Rolling up her sleeves, she walks towards the bear for a bout of fisticuffs.@cThe bear backs up on its hind legs and raises its paws in response, as any true gentleman would.@cBy the fourth round there is still no clear leader. After circling for a few minutes, Jerry's wife pushes the offensive, a quick jab to the left, a hook to the right. She forces the bear back, step by step.@cAs the bear shifts backwards his foot scuffs against the edge of the fire, looking back he realises he has nowhere left to go. In this moment of weakness a woman strikes. A bear falls. The fire rages higher.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;2,4,0,5;With a snap of tent pegs, Jerry's tent rears up, taking on a life of its own. It stands tall between Jerry and the bear, protecting its master.@cBalancing itself upon the tentpoles, the tent opens it mouth, spewing forth a cavalcade of herbaceous comestibles. As an endless torrent of produce rains down upon the bear, forcing it backwards.@cAs it passes the campfire, a log is launched from the fire, falling conveniently behind the bear. Stumbling backward, as it's pummelled from above, the bear falls. It does not rise again.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;3,4,1,5;The sight of the bear is simply too much for Jerry's wife. This was supposed to be a romantic vacation! Jerry had always found some way to ruin their anniversary, leaving the toilet seat up, taking her to McDonalds.@cThis bear nonsense was the last straw. It's time he learned his lesson.@cTo the bear and Jerry, it was as if a valkyrie had descended upon the campsite. The sheer womanly fury of a wife scorned was beyond their capabilities.@cJerry and the bear shared an understanding glance. It was about time they hightailed it out of here.@cAnd so, Jerry and the bear fled together, putting aside their differences to help each other escape his wife who, upon their disappearance, enjoyed the rest of her vacation thoroughly.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;2,4,1,5;The bear is upon them in instant, pinning them to the ground. Jerry and his wife are at the beast's mercy as it goes for the kill.@cBut it just can't do it. The idea of eating Jerry and his wife suddenly repulses the previously carnivorous animal. It hears a rustling, and turning to the source of the noise it spies a parsnip poking through the flap of Jerry's tent. Instantly it salivates.@cThe tent is bulging, an irresistable cornucopia. Betrayed by its own stomach, the bear dives into the tent, gorging itself on fresh vegetables. Sensing their moment, Jerry and his wife make a run for it, leaving the bear feasting on carrots, parsnips and cucumbers.@cJerry is safe, for now...
Bear Attack;2,4,3,5;Jerry dives into the tent for safety. Finally, his wife thinks, a chance to finish that lazy good for nothing husband of mine once and for all. Grabbing a log from the camp fire, she thrusts it into the tent side, setting it ablaze.@cAs she laughs in glee a sudden gust of wind hitches up the tent cover, straining at the pegs. The outer layer snaps free, enveloping Jerry's wife and lifting her bodily into the air. The bundle of flames is carried across the site, meeting the bear head on.@cIt's roar is cut off in surprise as it too is picked up and lifted out over the lake and into the water. Peering cautiously out of the tent, Jerry faintly hears the combined cry of bear and wife as they plummet into depths.@cJerry is safe, for now...
