Shop Robbery;0,0,1,1,2,2,3,3;Sandra suddenly finds her hands adrip with butter, sending her purchased alcohol slipping from her grasp, smashing on the counter and dousing the clerk with spirits.@c5Suddenly overwhelmed by lust, Sandra flashes the robber with her ample bosom, distracting him as he fires wildly into the air.@c1The clerk's mouth, agape with lust, drops the cigarette he was smoking into the spirits, setting him ablaze. The robber jumps back, aghast. In the distraction, Sandra snatches a trolley and swings it at the robber. Imbued with a force far beyond human measure, the trolley slams into the robber, crumpling him.@c1Sandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;0,0,1,1,3,2,2,3;Sandra suddenly finds her hands adrip with butter, sending her purchased alcohol slipping from her grasp, smashing and dousing her shopping cart with spirits.@cSuddenly overwhelmed by lust, Sandra flashes the robber with her ample bosom, distracting him as he fires wildly into the air.@cDuring the distraction, the clerk grabs a trolley and charges the robber, accelerating with inhuman speed. Travelling so fast, the trolley's wheels begin to spark, leaving a blazing trail. Crashing into the robber, the flaming trolley ignites the alcohol, enveloping them both.@cSandra is safe, for now... 
Shop Robbery;0,0,2,1,1,2,3,3;Sandra, suddenly overcome with fey whimsicality, decides that the best course of action is to flash the robber, thereby mesmerising him with her  ample bosom.@cThe clerk, finding a rare chance, attempts to draw his trusty 6-shooter from underneath the counter.@cHowever, disaster strikes! The firearm is somehow deliciously buttery and plops out of his grip. Bang! The gun clatters to the ground, firing into the alcohol shelf. It ignites into a raging inferno, consuming the shop in flames. Seconds before Sandra meets her demise, a speeding trolley suddenly scoops Sandra to safety.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;0,0,2,1,3,2,1,3;Sandra, suddenly overcome with fey whimsicality, decides that the best course of action is to flash the robber, thereby mesmerising him with her ample bosom.@cThe clerk, finding a rare chance, attempts to draw his trusty 6-shooter from underneath the counter.@cHowever, disaster strikes! The firearm is somehow deliciously buttery and plops out of his grip. Bang! The gun clatters to the ground, firing into the alcohol shelf. In unison, the champagne bottles pop their corks, sending a volley across the room and rendering the robber swiss cheese. Furious over the damage to his store, the clerk loads the robber's remains to a trolley, and ejects it, flaming from the store.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;0,0,3,1,1,2,2,3;Suddenly overwhelmed by carnival spirit, Sandra flashes the robber with her ample bosom, distracting him as he fires wildly into the air.@cThe clerk seizes the distraction as a chance to escape and dashes for the exit. Snapping out of a daze, the robber fires at the escaping clerk who dodges with inhuman speed. The bullets miss their target, instead bottles upon bottles of booze end up shattering.@cNoticing the floor around the robber is drenched with alcohol, an idea sparks in Sandra's mind. She whips out her trusty zippo lighter and flings it at the pool. The alcohol roars into an inferno. Just before the flames reach her, Sandra notices an entire trolley-full of butter lying to her side. Desperate for safety she dives into it's sweet creamy protection, saving her from the blaze.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;0,0,3,1,2,2,1,3;The clerk reaches below the table for his trusty 6-shooter and with his honed skill, rapidly takes a shot.@cDisaster strikes.The clerk's gun ends up misfiring and explodes in his hand setting him alight! An overladen shelf of alcohol breaks behind the robber, who, distracted by the clerk, is bowled down by a tide of bottles.@cSandra, seizing the opportunity, grabs a nearby trolley ludicrously packed with butter. "What need could one have for so much butter?!" she wonders as she upends it onto the helpless robber. He is simultaneously crushed and smothered by a golden sea.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;1,0,0,1,2,2,3,3;Sandra reaches back and her hand lands on an oversized slab of butter. She launches it at the robber, lathering him in goo and causing his weapon to slip out from his grasp.@cAs the robber bends to pick it up, Sandra launches a trolley at him, pushing with inhuman strength. The trolley slams into the robber, bowling him over and into it. Barely slowing, it carries its criminal cargo onwards and out the door.@cIn celebration, she cracks open a bottle and takes a huge swig. As Sandra turns to leave, the clerk demands payment for the bottle. She turns, whipping out her lighter and breaths, dousing the clerk in fire.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;1,0,0,1,3,2,2,3;Sandra reaches back and her hand lands on an oversized slab of butter. She launches it at the robber, lathering him in goo. The weapon slips from his grasp.@cUsing this opportunity, the clerk shoves a trolley at the robber. It flies with inhuman speed so intense that it begins to blaze with heat.@cCrashing into the robber, both are destroyed in a bright flare. Safe, Sandra and the clerk revel, draining the stores remaining alcohol supplies in a party rivalling the roman orgies of old.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;1,0,2,1,0,2,3,3;The clerk panics, screaming and flailing his arms in the air. The robber immediately trains his weapon, but as he unloads the weapon misfires, catching ablaze.@cSeeing the confusion, Sandra grabs a nearby bottle of rum, downing it's contents of tasty liquid courage. Filling the trolley full of heavy butter, she charges the robber, running him down beneath its weighty load.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;1,0,2,1,3,2,0,3;As the robber enters the store, guns fixed on the clerk he is overcome by a sudden force. Swept into the spirits aisle, a whiff of single malt brushes his senses.@cGripped by an overwhelming desire for booze and unable to control himself, he desires nothing more than to satiate his thirst. Snatching a bottle from a nearby shelf he proceeds to guzzle the contents.@cUpon witnessing this display of debauchery, Sandra decides to join him and beckons the store clerk over. Congregating around a now-flaming shopping trolley, the revellers while away the hours roasting sticks of butter from the clerk's private stash.@cSandra is safe, for now... 
Shop Robbery;1,0,3,1,0,2,2,3;The clerk panics, screaming and flailing his arms in the air. The robber immediately trains his weapon on the clerk, but as he unloads his weapon it misfires, catching ablaze.@cSeeing the confusion, Sandra grabs a nearby bottle of rum, downing it's contents of tasty liquid courage.@cFilling the trolley full of heavy butter, she charges the robber, running him down under its weighty load.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;1,0,3,1,2,2,0,3;The robber charges towards the clerk, shouting angrily. The clerk tries to swing a trolley between them in defence but suddenly finds he was no longer holding a trolley at all but an enormous tub of lard.@cHe drops it in shock, covering the ground. The robber starts to skate around wildly. Relieved, the clerk steadies himself on a nearby desk.@cIn a panic he suddenly notices his tie has fallen into the hotdog rotisserie. His tie catches aflame as he yanks away, reeling in the swathe of butter.  Colliding with the robber, they are both knocked to the ground, rendered unconcious on impact.@cSandra, meanwhile, watches the events occur with giddy amusement, gorging herself with cognac. That's where the police found her; passed out with the rest of them.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;2,0,0,1,1,2,3,3;As the robber enters, the clerk cannot help but notice the line of the robber's square jaw, his bulging biceps and rippling abs, barely covered by his tight shirt.@cOh myy...@cAwash with new emotions, the clerk begins to charm the robber, laying the outrageous flattery on thick. Taking advantage of the albeit unusual distraction, Sandra grabs the nearest item at hand, an enormous slab of butter. She launches it at the robber, lathering him in grease.@cHis hand fumbles and the gun tumbles to the floor. In one smooth motion, Sandra swings a trolley rapidly into the robber, knocking him to the floor.@cThe robber incapacitated, she whips out her trusty lighter and produces a molotov cocktail from the nearby booze. She looks down at the man below her and judges him unworthy. The molotv cocktail falls.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;2,0,0,1,3,2,1,3;As the robber enters, the clerk cannot help but notice the line of the robber's square jaw, his bulging biceps and rippling abs, barely covered by his tight shirt.@cOh myy...@cAwash with new emotions the clerk begins to charm the robber, laying the outrageous flattery on thick. Desperate to prove his masculinity to the robber, the clerk demands they wrestle.@cStripped down to their shorts, they suddenly find themselves glistening with butter. Witnessing true love occur in front of her, Sandra sets up a candle lit dinner for them using a trolley cart as a table.@cAs she leans back on a shelf, a bottle of wine rolls gently into her side. Admiring the scene, she takes a long drink, pleased with another days hard work.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;2,0,1,1,0,2,3,3;Sandra suddenly finds her hands adrip with butter, sending her purchased alcohol slipping from her grasp, smashing and dousing the floor with spirits.@cMeanwhile, the clerk cannot help but notice the line of the robber's square jaw, his bulging biceps and rippling abs, barely covered by his tight shirt.@cOh myy...@cAwash with new emotions the clerk begins to charm the robber, laying the outrageous flattery on thick. The heat of passion overcomes them both and they immediately fall into an embrace, rolling on the floor sharing their love.@cSandra stands bewitched, unable to draw her eyes away from the scene unfolding in front of her.@cWhen the moment is finally over, the clerk lights up a post-coitus cigarette forgetting the alcohol coating the floor. Sandra watching with a sense of dread and leaps into a nearby trolley.@cWith a sudden burst of speed, she is catapulted out of the store window to safety just as an inferno blossoms behind her.@cSandra is safe, for now.
Shop Robbery;2,0,1,1,3,2,0,3;Sandra suddenly finds her hands adrip with butter, sending her purchased alcohol slipping from her grasp, smashing and dousing the floor with spirits.@cMeanwhile, the clerk cannot help but notice the line of the robber's square jaw, his bulging biceps and rippling abs, barely covered by his tight shirt.@cOh myy...@cAwash with new emotions the clerk begins to charm the robber, laying the outrageous flattery on thick. The robber stares into the clerk's eyes, lost in their deep splendour.@cUncontrollably he finds himself falling to one knee. Doing the only thing a man can do in that situation, he proposes. The clerk squeals with delight and embraces the robber.@cFeeling sidelined by the plot, Sandra ignites a trolley in the fallen alcohol, attempting to draw attention. It is too late, the clerk and robber are already leaving the store, hand in hand.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;2,0,3,1,0,2,1,3;As the robber enters, the clerk cannot help but notice the line of the robber's square jaw, his bulging biceps and rippling abs, barely covered by his tight shirt.@cOh myy...@cAwash with new emotions, the clerk begins to charm the robber, laying the outrageous flattery on thick. All of a sudden, an overladen alcohol shelf collapses behind the robber and countless bottles roll towards him in a tide of booze. He is knocked off his feet and falls backwards, shattering the bottles beneath him.@cSeizing her chance, Sandra, grabs at a nearby trolley bursting to the brim with glorious golden butter. Using her trusty lighter, she sets it aflame and rolls it into the robber who bursts into a mighty conflagration.@cA single tear rolls down the clerks eye.@cSandra is safe. for now...
Shop Robbery;2,0,3,1,1,2,0,3;As the robber enters, the clerk cannot help but notice the line of the robber's square jaw, his bulging biceps and rippling abs, barely covered by his tight shirt.@cOh myy...@cAwash with new emotions, the clerk begins to charm the robber, laying the outrageous flattery on thick. Sandra quickly devises a plan, she uses her lighter and improvises a molotov cocktail and subsequently flings it.@cSailing through the air, the cocktail collides with the alcohol shelf, erupting into a mighty blast. The robber attempts to dive away but finds himself flying far further and faster than humanly possibly towards a concrete wall.@cSplat.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;3,0,1,1,0,2,2,3;Looking down, Sandra is shocked to find that her trolley is suddenly filled with lewd goods! She is mortified. Everyone can see.@cDesperate to draw their attention away, Sandra knocks down some alcohol bottles and lights a fire in the corner of the room. "Fire! Fire!" she yells emphatically.@cThe clerk dashes over in a panic. He tries to kick a bottle out of the way only to find it to be a slab of butter! Slipping he collides with the robber, imparting a surprising degree of force. The unfortunate robber is knocked directly into the fire.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;3,0,1,1,2,2,0,3;Finally, thinks Sandra, this is the perfect opportunity to carry out some shoplifting! She sneaks to the side and begins loading a trolley full of purloined goods.@cThe robber steps towards the clerk and stumbles as if pushed by some force. The moment of weakness gives the clerk an opportunity. He grabs some butter and and a bottle of whiskey from the counter in front of him and cracks them over the robber's head, knocking him unconcious.@cWith a sigh of relief, the clerk looks up and notices Sandra trying to sidle out of the store with her stolen loot. Sandra freezes. They stare at each other. A moment of silence. The clerk bursts into flames.@cSandra is safe, for now..
Shop Robbery;3,0,1,1,0,2,2,3;Finally, thinks Sandra, this is the perfect opportunity to carry out some shoplifting! She sneaks to the side and begins loading a trolley full of purloined goods.@cThe robber notices this, approachers her and asks her for guidance on how to steal butter. He desperately needs his butter fix, his butter cravings are off the charts. He can't believe it's not butter when he picks up other items. He tries to butter her up for some tips@cThe clerk has heard the entire conversation and tries to approach the two would-be thieves. However, as he nears, he gets catapulted into the alcohol aisle and all the bottles shatter dousing him in booze.@cHe suddenly combusts. Sandra and the robber look at each other and shrug. This just means butter galore.@cSandra is safe, for now..
Shop Robbery;3,0,0,1,2,2,1,3;Sandra decides this is an opportune time to practice her burlesque routine. She grabs a nearby trolley and begins her performance.@cThe robber, witnessing the masterful display, wishes to try his own hand at the sensual dance. He lathers himself in butter and begins to work the trolley. The clerk starts to feel hot and bothered, or to be more precise, extremely hot.@cHe looks down and finds that he is, in fact, on fire! He grabs for water but a bottle of vodka somehow slides its way into his hand. Engulfed in flame he runs straight into the butter-lathered robber, they are both consumed in a fiery flash.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;3,0,2,1,1,2,0,3;Sandra decides this is an opportune time to practice her burlesque routine. She grabs a nearby trolley and begins her performance.@cThe clerk, witnessing the masterful display, wishes to try his own hand at the sensual dance. He lathers himself in butter and begins to work the trolley.@cThe robber starts to feel the overwhelming need to leave. He suddenly feels himself backing out of the store. Clearly it's filled with maniacs.@cTo make sure that the insanity does not spread, he prepares a molotov and tries to chucks it into the store. It bounces back engulfing him in flames.@cSandra is safe, for now...
Shop Robbery;3,0,2,1,0,2,1,3;Sandra decides this is an opportune time to practice her burlesque routine. She grabs a nearby trolley and begins her performance.@cThe clerk witnessing the masterful display wishes his to try his own hand at the sensual dance. He lathers himself in butter and begins to work the trolley. The robber starts to feel hot and bothered, or to be more precise, extremely hot.@cHe looks down and finds that he is, in fact, on fire. He grabs for water but a bottle of vodka somehow slides it way into his hand. Engulfed in flame he runs straight into the butter-lathered clerk. Both are consumed in a fiery flash. @cSandra is safe, for now...
